Chapter 2: Forming a Supreme Martial Art with the Technique of Absorbing Essence from the Heaven and Earth!
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Heavenly Creation Skill!”

“Form a supreme Martial Art with the Technique of Creation from heaven and earth!”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes and they were full of astonishment.

“Cultivation Method? Is there one more Cultivation Method occurring in my mind?”Jian Wushuang was startled at first, but at the next moment, he understood that the Cultivation Method was related to the gray stone bead.

Jian Wushuang was not a stranger to cultivation methods. In the Sword Marquis Mansion, disciples who condensed spiritual power could pick any appropriate Cultivation Method at the Cultivation Pavilion by themselves. Although there were thousands of Cultivation Methods in this world, he had never heard of any Cultivation Method that dared to name itself after cultivating from the heaven and earth like the Heavenly Creation Skill.

“The gray stone bead was hidden inside me all this time and absorbed all of the spiritual power that I condensed for four years. It is so special that the bead disappeared and left a Cultivation Method for me. This must be extraordinary!” Jian Wushuang carefully looked through the Heavenly Creation Skill at once.

“The path of Martial Arts is a fight against fate, to enable creation with the power of heaven and earth. The Heavenly Creation Skill is divided into many realms, including the Nine Heavens of the Divine Path, Ultimate Spiritual Sea, Supreme Gold Core Realm, Yin-Yang Breaking, Venerable Master, Flying to the Ninth Heaven, and so on. Every realm defies the Heavens and current conventions!

“Using Martial Arts based on the Heavenly Creation Skill implies defying the Heavens—every step is out of the ordinary!

“Anyone who defies the Heavens is nature’s enemy, also known a Defiant Cultivator!”

It was a few simple words, but they made Jian Wushuang freeze.

“Cultivating in defiance of the Heavens? Deviant Cultivation?” he thought.

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath and slowly calmed down. Although it was just a brief introduction with several simple words, he could still see the outstanding differences of this Cultivation Method.

In Jian Wushuang’s understanding, for Warriors generally, the Way of Martial Arts began with the Spirit Path.

The Seven Steps of the Spirit Path, Transforming a Spiritual Sea, Formation of the Gold Core Realm, Yin-Yang Void Realm, and then the legendary Realm of Divine Transcendence were all Realms of Martial Arts that were known to Jian Wushuang. However, the steps for cultivating the Heavenly Creation Skill and its every Realm were quite different from what he had known.

Just in the beginning, one was the Seven Steps of the Spirit Path, while the other was the Nine Heavens of the Divine Path!

One only had seven levels, but the other had a full nine levels.

This completely went against cultivating conventions!

Its division of Realms violated the natural order and convention, so it was no wonder that people who cultivated this Cultivation Method were destined to defy the Heavens.

This was a real Heaven defying cultivation method!

Cultivating this Method meant going against the natural order… Deviant Cultivation!

Jian Wushuang hunkered on the bed, but at the moment his mood was extremely complex.

Jian Wushuang was shocked and afraid, but the excitement in his heart was hard to hide.

Such a Heaven defying cultivation method was hiding inside the gray stone bead?

What should I do?

“A Heaven defying cultivation method is in front of me, but I don’t know whether I should cultivate it or not.” Jian Wushuang held his hands tightly. However, this hesitation only remained for a moment, and then he quickly made a decision.

What’s wrong with Deviant Cultivation? As the Heavenly Creation Skill says, in fact, the way of Martial Arts is fighting against fate and creation with the heaven and earth. Warriors are not tolerated by heaven and earth. In that case, why shouldn’t my cultivation defy the Heavens?

Jian Wushuang really could not find any reason to stop him from cultivating the Heavenly Creation Skill. Moreover, he had been tortured by the gray stone bead for four years, and now that the bead finally compensated him with such a Cultivation Method. If he did not cultivate it, he would not be satisfied because of the grievances he had suffered for four years.

No longer hesitant, Jian Wushuang immediately began to cultivate this Method according to the instructions in the Heavenly Creation Skill.

The vast spiritual power of heaven and earth continuously flooded into his body, and his 108 meridians absorbed it crazily. The power ran in his body according to a unique path. After a large circle of vital energy, this power gathered toward Jian Wushuang’s Dantian.

The night pa.s.sed quickly.

Early the next morning, while it was still dark, before sunrise.

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes slowly, while hunkered on his bed. He had cultivated the whole night. Looking at his right palm, he saw a ray of spiritual power emerging. His eyes could not help s.h.i.+ning in excitement.

“The First Heaven of the Divine Path!”

After one night of cultivation, not only had he condensed the first ray of Spiritual Power, but his Dantian had stored more power. In terms of Martial Arts cultivating, as long as a person could condense Spiritual Power, even a part of it, he would become a true Warrior.

The Heavenly Creation Skill is really extraordinary!

After only one night, I have stored so much Spiritual Power in my body. This cultivating speed is much faster than that in the Sword Marquis Mansion. Moreover, I feel that the strength I can release is much stronger than the First Step of the Spirit Path.

Jian Wushuang shook his arms and felt his strength at the moment.

The First Heaven of the Divine Path was much the same as the First Step of the Spirit Path for normal Warriors, but there was an obvious difference in strength. After reaching the First Heaven of the Divine Path, the strength Jian Wushuang could unleash was unquestionably stronger than Warriors reaching the First Step of the Spirit Path.

The beginning of the Heavenly Creation Skill was the Nine Heavens of the Divine Path, which included nine levels.

“The strength that I can release is stronger than ordinary Warriors from the First Step of the Spirit Path. Does it mean that when I reach the Seventh Heaven of the Divine Path, I can easily outcla.s.s Warriors from the peak of the Seventh Step of the Spirit Path? Therefore, when I arrive at the Ninth Heaven of the Divine Path, which is the peak of the Divine Path, the strength I can use will be more powerful than experts in the Spiritual Sea Realm?” A flicker of fear pa.s.sed through his eyes.

“Amazing.”

“The Heavenly Creation Skill is too strong!”

Its cultivation speed was much faster than ordinary methods. The key was that its every step would defy the Heavens!

Each Realm could go against the natural order and conventions.

In addition, the Cultivation Method contained a secret method.

“Soul-Devouring Secret Skill!” Jian Wushuang read to himself.

The Soul-Devouring Secret Skill was extremely aggressive and Heaven defying.

It was more a forbidden skill rather than secret method. It belonged to the kind that would kill 1,000 enemies at the price of sacrificing 800 soldiers from one’s own side.

Anyway, just seeing the introduction to this secret method, he could not help fearing it. He did not intend to cultivate the secret method right now. After he improved his cultivation for a while, he could study it more carefully.

“Warrior!”

“I, Jian Wushuang, have finally become a real Warrior!”

His heart roared crazily because he had suffered all kinds of humiliation for four years. Now he finally condensed his own Spiritual Power and became a real Warrior. That made him want to loudly scream out.

He was Jian Wushuang, with a sword in hand, no one is his match!

He was absolutely not tras.h.!.+

…

After a simple wash, Jian Wushuang went outside immediately.

He could not wait to tell Jian Meng’er the news that he had become a Warrior. He wanted to give her a surprise.

“Meng’er, I told you that I would definitely become a Warrior. Not only that, but in the future, I would become as strong as my father. I will become the top Warrior in Sword Marquis Mansion, with the Triple Kill Sword in hand, and in charge of the Sword Pavillion!” He had antic.i.p.ation in his heart.

His father had not been heard from since four years ago, after which he had made the decision.

He hoped one day that he would become strong enough to succeed his father’s position and take charge of the Sword Pavilion. This was the greatest wish of his life!

He could not condense Spiritual Power before, so he was far from this dream, but now it was totally different!

“Have you heard the news that just now, Jian Lan, the Great Elder of Red Martial Hall, united the entire Hall to make a demand to the Mansion Master to nominate his daughter, Jian Meng’er, as the Sword Pavilion Master and to take charge of the Sword Pavilion!”

Jian Wushuang stopped at once.